---
date: 2024-02-27
tags: daily-note/
---

#  Tuesday; Week  09

- What excited me today?
	- I was really excited to present my journal club today but unfortunately like I had though, without confirmation the next person would go ahead anyway, and it turned out they presented the paper I chose regardless. It was done well, all the key points were there including stuff I ignored (like the exclusion criteria). Our analyses were roughly the same, I actually wasn't aware that tenecteplase wasn't approved for the extended lysis window, I'm certain we did lyse people outside that window with tenecteplase in order to expidite retrieval if I recall correctly. 
- What drained me of energy?
	- Talking to the cardiology PHO feels exhausting. I find myself repeating the same thing again and again. I don't think she's a PHO in the sense of TPCH, although I could be wrong. It can't just be my accent. Of the things in my power to change would be:
		- Becoming impatient
		- Anunciate better
		- Slow down 
		- Make my statements very singular and clear. 
- What did I learn?
	- I learned that Tenecteplase is in fact not approved for the extended lysis window guided by perfusion scanning. Although I suspect this is more due to an abundance of caution. I think the data is quite clear that Alteplase and Tenecteplase are more or less equivalent; although there is one or two trials demonstrating harm which is to expected. 
- -->


## TASKS



### Today's Due Tasks
```dataview
TASK 
WHERE typeof(due) = "date"
WHERE due = date(this.file.name)
SORT due ASC
```

### This Week's Tasks
```dataview
TASK 
WHERE typeof(due) = "date"
WHERE date(due).year = date(this.file.name).year
WHERE date(due).weekyear = date(this.file.name).weekyear
WHERE date(due).day > date(this.file.name).day
SORT due ASC
```

### Next Week's Tasks
```dataview
TASK 
WHERE date(due).year = date(this.file.name).year
WHERE date(due).weekyear = date(this.file.name).weekyear + 1
LIMIT 5
SORT due ASC
```