---
date: 2024-02-29
tags: daily-note/
---

#  Thursday; Week  09

- What excited me today?
	- I was excited to catch up with some the admissions today. In particular the young girl with the GI bleed, it looked like her Hb did actually drop overnight and they must've transfused her. I did really want to find out what Neurosurgery's opinion of the cancer lady's MR would be, but it turned out they decided not to even consult them. She unfortunately won't do well. I'll have to check in on the other admissions at some point as well, particularly the cavitary pneumonia. 
- What drained me of energy?
	- Surprisingly clinic was not as draining today. A bit more straightforward even if a bit overloaded. 
	- What was draining...I honestly can't think of anything. Today was a good day. 
	- I don't really appreciate being sidelined from the team though. I'm not, but having the old CMR doing a parallel round on _my_ patients, is a bit insulting. I don't know if I'm doing something wrong. 
- What did I learn?
	- Today I learned a little bit about familial hypercholesterolaemia. It needs a whopping cholesterol and LDL level, and several first degree relatives with early vascular disease. 
	- I also learned that the gastro guidelines advocate for a restrictive transfusion policy as per a paper in 2013; although the guideline itself says this particular advices is low evidence. 

## TASKS



### Today's Due Tasks
```dataview
TASK 
WHERE typeof(due) = "date"
WHERE due = date(this.file.name)
SORT due ASC
```

### This Week's Tasks
```dataview
TASK 
WHERE typeof(due) = "date"
WHERE date(due).year = date(this.file.name).year
WHERE date(due).weekyear = date(this.file.name).weekyear
WHERE date(due).day > date(this.file.name).day
SORT due ASC
```

### Next Week's Tasks
```dataview
TASK 
WHERE date(due).year = date(this.file.name).year
WHERE date(due).weekyear = date(this.file.name).weekyear + 1
LIMIT 5
SORT due ASC
```