---
date: 2024-02-25
tags: daily-note
---

#  Sunday; Week  08

- What excited me today?
	- I was excited to take some photos today. And I did end up taking some even if it took writing this to prompt it.
- What drained me of energy?
	- Spending the day not doing all that much has been a bit draining. Ruminating on all my tasks that I'm procrastinating about. I can see them there on the page but I can' summon the energy.
- What did I learn?
	- I learned about [Saudi Arabia](../../../Journal/learnding/2024/saudi-arabia.md), the broad strokes of its history, that it has been modernising steadily since 2005, with women being elected to municipal bodies since 2015; that it stopped hosting US troops between 2003 and 2019, and that it engaged in croni-ism with other OPEC&plus; nations to artificially inflate the price of oil, until 2020 when it let the pipes flow, but subsequently stopped when going back for further negotiations

on the 2024-02-28th there will be more trivia at *Hendrick's Lane* #social-calendar/events

## TASKS

### Shit I need to get done today 


- [x] Finish reading the tenecteplase study [due::2024-02-25] #study/journal-club [done::2024-02-24]
		I'm disappointed that it wasn't more interesting, but that's what science should be in the grand scheme of things, incremental lest we begin thinking too much of ourselves
- [ ] Open up my RACP site [due::2024-06-23] #RACP 
	- [ ] Finish PQRs 
	- [ ] Finish Learning Objectives 
	- [ ] Add learning objectives for first term pay some stuff 
- [x] Book accommodation starting from the 27th [due::2024-02-25]
	- [x] Book accommodation for the night of the 27th
		oh my god, the only place I found left was a 2 bed apartment at quest which was far too expensive 
	- Accommodation from the [28th sorted](../../../Important%20Stuff/Paperwork/20240228-edge-apartment-booking.pdf) 
- [-] Figure out something to eat that isn't take away for the next few days  
- [x] I need to do some photography
- [ ] I need to apply for a new provider number [due::2024-03] #important 
- [x] I need to also email my disputes about the damage to ceiling and walls that was mentioned in the entry condition report.
		Sent the reply with a copy of the entry condition report. Its a bit sassy I guess.


### Today's Due Tasks
```dataview
TASK 
WHERE typeof(due) = "date"
WHERE due = date(this.file.name)
SORT due ASC
```

### This Week's Tasks
```dataview
TASK 
WHERE typeof(due) = "date"
WHERE date(due).year = date(this.file.name).year
WHERE date(due).weekyear = date(this.file.name).weekyear
WHERE date(due).day > date(this.file.name).day
SORT due ASC
```

### Next Week's Tasks
```dataview
TASK 
WHERE date(due).year = date(this.file.name).year
WHERE date(due).weekyear = date(this.file.name).weekyear + 1
LIMIT 5
SORT due ASC
```
