---
date: 2024-03-07
tags: daily-note/
---

#  Thursday; Week  10

Igar Tarasyuk
Parcel Locker 10296 43793
150 East Street
Rockhampton City QLD 4700


### Today's Thoughts

- What excited me today?
	- I was excited to find out how much I had fucked up with my patients. It turned out to be okay in the end. No one seemed to question my decision to start carbimazole over propylthiouracil. I still don't have a good answer for why I would should carbimazole, I just have more experience with it.
	- And surprisingly my patient who clearly had hypovolaemic hyponatraemia actually got worse with fluids. So does she actually have SIADH? I guess she must, but not for the reason Janaka said, HCZ cannot be a cause of SIADH as it is the cause of hyponatraemia and its mere presence is the demounting point for the hyponatraemia algorithm. #review #study 
- What drained me of energy?
	- Being talked down to was really draining, or at least aggravating. Actually, not draining so much as I find condescension difficult to argue against because I _actually don't know_ someone else might be right. I don't have the blind confidence in my opinion that I would spout it without then having the humility to think twice about whether I'm right or wrong. 
- What did I learn?
	- I learned about the algorithm for treating Hyperthyroidism. Graves disease can be treated with carbimazole alone and once TFTs are normalised, can be trialled off anti-thyroid medications to check for recurrence. And if its not responding can be referred for thyroidectomy. 


## TASKS



### Today's Due Tasks
```dataview
TASK 
WHERE typeof(due) = "date"
WHERE due = date(this.file.name)
SORT due ASC
```

### This Week's Tasks
```dataview
TASK 
WHERE typeof(due) = "date"
WHERE date(due).year = date(this.file.name).year
WHERE date(due).weekyear = date(this.file.name).weekyear
WHERE date(due).day > date(this.file.name).day
SORT due ASC
```

### Next Week's Tasks
```dataview
TASK 
WHERE date(due).year = date(this.file.name).year
WHERE date(due).weekyear = date(this.file.name).weekyear + 1
LIMIT 5
SORT due ASC
```