---
date: 2024-03-01
tags: daily-note/
---

#  Friday; Week  09


- What excited me today?
	- I was really excited to see my resident again. Probably because they seem to not want to have anything to do with me, which is fine. They're very good, and should probably just have my job, so that I can be free to do something else like be full-time consult or clinic registrar. 
	- [I was also very excited to sign a lease today](../../../House%20Hunting/2024/5-59-edward.md). Finally, after over a month. At the the little townhouse that I saw that was perfect when I found it 2 weeks ago. Which doesn't  bode well for the work ethic of Ray White, but at least I have a property. 
- What drained me of energy?
	- I actually did not enjoy playing Palworld as much as previously today. It seemed very quickly repetitive. Maybe not entirely draining of energy but certainly not the same draw as before. Maybe I'm just pining for some Arma. 
- What did I learn?
	- I learned more about dementia again today. Dr Saini actually seems like a very good geriatrician from the single lecture I've seen from him. I feel fairly confident with a large proportion of inpatient geriatric medicine. The main takeaway I felt was Dr Saini's comment about _new memories_ being a very sensitive finding for cognitive impairment and dementia, and a away to differentiate the normal cognitive slowing that comes with age to pathologic impairment. 


## TASKS



### Today's Due Tasks
```dataview
TASK 
WHERE typeof(due) = "date"
WHERE due = date(this.file.name)
SORT due ASC
```

### This Week's Tasks
```dataview
TASK 
WHERE typeof(due) = "date"
WHERE date(due).year = date(this.file.name).year
WHERE date(due).weekyear = date(this.file.name).weekyear
WHERE date(due).day > date(this.file.name).day
SORT due ASC
```

### Next Week's Tasks
```dataview
TASK 
WHERE date(due).year = date(this.file.name).year
WHERE date(due).weekyear = date(this.file.name).weekyear + 1
LIMIT 5
SORT due ASC
```