---
date: 2024-03-03
tags: daily-note/
---

#  Sunday; Week  09

[what is a zettelkasten?](https://zenkit.com/en/blog/a-beginners-guide-to-the-zettelkasten-method/)

### Today's Thoughts

- What excited me today?
	- I was excited to do some writing today but didn't have the opportunity to bring a laptop to a cafe. I've spent most of the day debating how to go about organising my writing. I think I've settled on writing short stories to build out the _lore_ of the world in the my head with smaller notes to explain and link concepts in a _zettel_-like method. 
- What drained me of energy?
	- I guess I didn't enjoy breakfast as much as I thought I would. The location wasn't great, the meal itself was mediocre. I should have gone to the top of that hill with breakfast and eaten up there. 
- What did I learn?
	- I learned about digital gardens and the zettelkasten. A digital garden is essentially a public facing zettelkasten allowing others to explore your mind and how you've organised your knowledge and ideas. 
	- The zettelkasten is essentially just a way to first atomise ideas and concepts, and then categorise them together in a way that makes sense to me. It honestly doesn't seem novel or revolutionary, although its interesting to note that it is a method that seems to be built for hypertext, but produced from a penpaper age. 


## TASKS

- [x] explore some new world-building methods

### Today's Due Tasks
```dataview
TASK 
WHERE typeof(due) = "date"
WHERE due = date(this.file.name)
SORT due ASC
```

### This Week's Tasks
```dataview
TASK 
WHERE typeof(due) = "date"
WHERE date(due).year = date(this.file.name).year
WHERE date(due).weekyear = date(this.file.name).weekyear
WHERE date(due).day > date(this.file.name).day
SORT due ASC
```

### Next Week's Tasks
```dataview
TASK 
WHERE date(due).year = date(this.file.name).year
WHERE date(due).weekyear = date(this.file.name).weekyear + 1
LIMIT 5
SORT due ASC
```