---
date: 2024-03-12
tags: daily-note/
---

#  Tuesday; Week  11



### Today's Thoughts

- What excited me today?
	- I was excited to actually get through a ward round and do some ward work today. I don't know if I did all that much. I guess there was that referral and palliating the 94 year old. 
- What drained me of energy?
	- I had another interaction with the cardiology registrar again, still draining. This time I remembered the lessions that I wrote down previously. I didn't jump with a joke cos they are not the landing place for those. I tried to take my time and still ending up accidently rushing ahead when she asked for the location before the URN. 
	- I took my time explaining the problem and why I wanted cardiology; and I separated the cardiology issue from the rest of the patient's malignancy stuff. I managed to get the information across. 
	- What became really draining was when it felt like she was merely reading a script and not actually engaging with the patient I described. I don't mind trying to get a few obs here and there in the middle of a referral but once we get through the crux of the issue to be consulted on I generally consider the referral complete and referree can look up their own gorramn results. 
	- I don't need to be given a list of the medications off of eTg, the specific question I had was what further investigations would we even consider. I'll admit I may not have phrased that question explicitly, although I do distinctly talking about angiograms. 
	- They they told me to start an ACE inhibitor and when I explained why that might not be ideal right now, and that maybe a beta blocker might be better, she agreed initially. Then still concluded by saying I should start an ACE inhibitor. 
	- I wonder if this is actually my fault from when I made that flurried referral of "tachy-brady" weeks ago, when the consultant saw the patient for a few minutes and asked me to refer to cardiology. It was a reasonable consult but it wasn't as thorough as I would usually make my consults. 
	- Then I wonder if I am sometimes too demanding, I know that I do often asked for specific BP numbers. Although I consciously tailor that to referrals of patients that are described as 'unwell', and then told that their blood pressure is 'fine'. 
- What did I learn?
	- I learned that I may be operating on a double standard, asked a lot of people referring to me, and then getting flustered when the same standard is applied to me. I'll have to keep an eye on this going forward. I have justifications in my head but I should examine this closely. 
	- I also learned that Lewy-Body dementia generally doesn't have any specific pattern of cortical atrophy on imaging studies. 

## TASKS



### Today's Due Tasks
```dataview
TASK 
WHERE typeof(due) = "date"
WHERE due = date(this.file.name)
SORT due ASC
```

### This Week's Tasks
```dataview
TASK 
WHERE typeof(due) = "date"
WHERE date(due).year = date(this.file.name).year
WHERE date(due).weekyear = date(this.file.name).weekyear
WHERE date(due).day > date(this.file.name).day
SORT due ASC
```

### Next Week's Tasks
```dataview
TASK 
WHERE date(due).year = date(this.file.name).year
WHERE date(due).weekyear = date(this.file.name).weekyear + 1
LIMIT 5
SORT due ASC
```