---
date: 2024-03-04
tags: daily-note/
---

#  Monday; Week  10

[Thinking meat](https://www.mit.edu/people/dpolicar/writing/prose/text/thinkingMeat.html)

### Today's Thoughts

- What excited me today?
	- I was excited to find out what happened to the patients I saw on the weekend. I saw the chap with the stroke wandering around the emergency department with a nurse chasing after him. Looks like he's doing well. I found out that the lady that I thought wasn't even angina actually did have an NSTEACS, for which I unfortunately forget to chase the troponin so she was probably treated late.  
- What drained me of energy?
	- Being on hold for a cumulative 2 hours waiting for Ergon to finally answer was a bit draining. Although I finally got a hold of them in the end to secure my electricity supply at the new place. I'm actually pretty happy that I managed to organise it with some initiative today. 
- What did I learn?
	- I re-learned what I had previously learned about survival rates of a cardiac arrest. I remember in 2015-2016 when I was listening to medical podcasts, the survival rate I heard was about 14%, of survival to discharge from an OOHCA. 
	- Reviewing a bit of literature, those numbers don't seem to have changed. On the face of it _"One-year survival after in-hospital cardiac arrest: A systematic review and meta-analysis"_ ^[DOI: 10.1016/j.resuscitation.2018.09.001] seems like relatively robust data which shows that for _non-cardiac_ admissions, the survival following in-hospital arrest is in the order of 10%.
	- Conversely, _cardiac_ patients do better with survival rates up to 39%; and I suspect this particular population are in-patients for a single organ pathology, and the rest of their physiology is actually _"okay"_. As opposed to non-cardiac admissions which might have multiple organs being managed (eg. an AKI, infection, and delirium in a single patient).


## TASKS



### Today's Due Tasks
```dataview
TASK 
WHERE typeof(due) = "date"
WHERE due = date(this.file.name)
SORT due ASC
```

### This Week's Tasks
```dataview
TASK 
WHERE typeof(due) = "date"
WHERE date(due).year = date(this.file.name).year
WHERE date(due).weekyear = date(this.file.name).weekyear
WHERE date(due).day > date(this.file.name).day
SORT due ASC
```

### Next Week's Tasks
```dataview
TASK 
WHERE date(due).year = date(this.file.name).year
WHERE date(due).weekyear = date(this.file.name).weekyear + 1
LIMIT 5
SORT due ASC
```