---
title: Does the Coalition’s case for nuclear power stack up? We fact check seven key claims
tags: news/energy, zettel/unsorted
url: https://www.theguardian.com/australia-news/article/2024/jun/20/does-the-coalitions-case-for-nuclear-power-stack-up-we-factcheck-seven-key-claims
keywords: nuclear, renewables, net zero, emissions targets, 2030
date: 2024-06-20T19:30
---


# Does the Coalition’s case for nuclear power stack up? We fact check seven key claims

This articles examines the claims of the Coalition (the opposition party), in their efforts to repeal the nuclear energy ban in Australia.

## Nuclear power provides cheaper electricity 

> The CSIRO and the Australian Energy Market Operator (Aemo) have assessed the cost of different electricity sources and found that solar and wind backed by storage energy, new transmission lines and other “firming” – what the country is building now, in other words – were the cheapest option.

This article suggests that nuclear would be significantly more expensive, with financing costs being up to &dollar;17 bn. However this article does not mention that this is an _upfrong cost_ and that nuclear power plants are intended to eventually have profit. 

The more pertinent criticism is that the profitability of nuclear power is not realised until decades after construction &mdash; well after the 2035 deadline &mdash; and at this point the energy costs of competing technologies may very well significantly outpace current generations of nuclear power generators. This makes nuclear power not very future proof. 

## Using more gas to bridge the gap to nuclear will cut costs

> Gas is the most expensive form of electricity generation currently used in the National Electricity Market, connecting the five eastern states and the ACT.

> The Coalition has not explained how it would get more gas into the electricity grid. Would taxpayers pay to build several new gas power plants? It has also not explained how the resulting power could be as cheap as renewable energy.

## The Coalition plan will be cleaner

> No. Using more gas, less renewable energy and extending the life of coal-fired power plants will increase Australia’s greenhouse gas emissions.

> The Coalition admits this. It wants to abandon the country’s 2030 emissions target and allow significantly more heat-trapping pollution while arguing it is still committed to net zero by 2050.

## Would Nucler power be up and running by 2035 

> CSIRO found an initial nuclear power plant of any size would not be possible until after 2040. Other analysts, including the pro-nuclear Blueprint Institute, agree. 

Which is very obviously wrong on its face, as nuclear power plants are notorious long projects. To have one up and running in a decade, including preparing the plans for a nuclear power plant, completing environmental survivors, finding and preparing the land, not to mention the actual construction of the thing which _of course will have no delays_ is beyond delusional. 

## Renewables have caused a big increase in power bills 

> Tony Wood, the energy and climate change program director for the Grattan Institute, says there was a 20% jump in wholesale electricity costs last year for four reasons: the war in Ukraine pushing up the price of gas; gas shortages; outages at ageing coal power plants reducing competition; and extreme weather causing flooding at coalmines. Prices have since started to come back down.

While the article mentions the incentive schemes, it does not elaborate on these and their impact on the current profitability of renewables. 

## Current power systems are insufficient for Australia's power needs

> This misrepresents what the statement does. It is a message to the industry about how much more generation will be needed over time. This year’s statement found there could be reliability gaps in New South Wales, Queensland, South Australia and Victoria unless there was faster deployment of renewable energy and batteries.

## Renewables are insufficient for an industrial economy 

> Industry leaders have repeatedly welcomed renewable energy investment. Rio Tinto this year signed what it called Australia’s largest renewable energy power purchase agreement to run its operations in Gladstone.

> BlueScope Steel applauded the creation of an offshore windfarm zone in the Illawarra, saying it had the “potential to supply significant quantities of renewable energy to help underpin BlueScope’s decarbonisation of iron and steelmaking in Australia”.



